anime/news/News.java
 anime.news.News
anime/reviews/Reviewer.java
 anime.reviews.Reviewer
anime/characters_staff/VoiceActor.java
 anime.characters_staff.VoiceActor
anime/characters_staff/Staff.java
 anime.characters_staff.Staff
caller/ApiCaller.java
 caller.ApiCaller
anime/anime/Related.java
 anime.anime.Related
caller/RequestEnums.java
 caller.RequestEnums
anime/stats/_8.java
 anime.stats._8
anime/reviews/Review.java
 anime.reviews.Review
anime/anime/From.java
 anime.anime.From
anime/anime/Character.java
 anime.anime.Character
anime/stats/_3.java
 anime.stats._3
anime/anime/Prop.java
 anime.anime.Prop
anime/anime/Producer.java
 anime.anime.Producer
anime/stats/_9.java
 anime.stats._9
anime/characters_staff/CharacterStaff.java
 anime.characters_staff.CharacterStaff
anime/anime/ExternalLink.java
 anime.anime.ExternalLink
anime/anime/Prequel.java
 anime.anime.Prequel
anime/stats/_2.java
 anime.stats._2
anime/episodes/Episodes.java
 anime.episodes.Episodes
anime/userupdates/UserUpdates.java
 anime.userupdates.UserUpdates
anime/news/Article.java
 anime.news.Article
anime/anime/Genre.java
 anime.anime.Genre
anime/userupdates/User.java
 anime.userupdates.User
caller/CouldNotReachJikanException.java
 caller.CouldNotReachJikanException
anime/recommendations/Recommendations.java
 anime.recommendations.Recommendations
caller/MyException.java
 caller.MyException
anime/anime/Parent_story.java
 anime.anime.Parent_story
anime/forum/LastPost.java
 anime.forum.LastPost
anime/anime/Spin_off.java
 anime.anime.Spin_off
anime/anime/Theme.java
 anime.anime.Theme
main/Main.java
 main.Main
anime/pictures/Pictures.java
 anime.pictures.Pictures
anime/anime/Other.java
 anime.anime.Other
anime/recommendations/Recommendation.java
 anime.recommendations.Recommendation
anime/anime/Adaptation.java
 anime.anime.Adaptation
main/CouldNotMapException.java
 main.CouldNotMapException
anime/anime/Anime.java
 anime.anime.Anime
anime/episodes/Episode.java
 anime.episodes.Episode
anime/stats/_5.java
 anime.stats._5
anime/forum/Forum.java
 anime.forum.Forum
anime/anime/Alternative_version.java
 anime.anime.Alternative_version
anime/videos/Episode.java
 anime.videos.Episode
main/MyObjectMapper.java
 main.MyObjectMapper
anime/anime/Studio.java
 anime.anime.Studio
anime/stats/Scores.java
 anime.stats.Scores
anime/stats/_6.java
 anime.stats._6
anime/anime/Full_story.java
 anime.anime.Full_story
anime/anime/Side_story.java
 anime.anime.Side_story
anime/pictures/Picture.java
 anime.pictures.Picture
anime/anime/Licensor.java
 anime.anime.Licensor
anime/stats/_4.java
 anime.stats._4
anime/reviews/Reviews.java
 anime.reviews.Reviews
caller/AnimeCaller.java
 caller.AnimeCaller
anime/stats/_1.java
 anime.stats._1
anime/characters_staff/Character.java
 anime.characters_staff.Character
anime/moreinfo/MoreInfo.java
 anime.moreinfo.MoreInfo
anime/anime/Summary.java
 anime.anime.Summary
anime/reviews/Scores.java
 anime.reviews.Scores
anime/videos/Promo.java
 anime.videos.Promo
caller/AbstractCaller.java
 caller.AbstractCaller
anime/videos/Videos.java
 anime.videos.Videos
anime/forum/Topic.java
 anime.forum.Topic
anime/stats/_10.java
 anime.stats._10
anime/anime/Sequel.java
 anime.anime.Sequel
anime/anime/Alternative_setting.java
 anime.anime.Alternative_setting
anime/anime/To.java
 anime.anime.To
anime/anime/Aired.java
 anime.anime.Aired
anime/stats/_7.java
 anime.stats._7
anime/stats/Stats.java
 anime.stats.Stats
